It was a pity if I entered it
not
Although it is impossible already It is an application to introduce this today ne
It's an application called music, but the name is as it is
Even though we introduced in 8 or earlier , there was a way for the notification center to open
Ne
It is an application of this It is the same staff person, and Mr. Berne who is who comes is that
Or it because it is has been built pretty It is a Pied made
It's there in the app to listen to music in the music app Tteyuu place went to Aiu place
But it also put out and have picked up something from the place to say oh the Toka fm Nee
You can listen to music but you can close down songs that you have not entered while p p
I do not understand for a moment I can use it in mergers, so I can introduce them in advance
if you can
Let's Mairi immediately than we have taken
Once you enter Ba'tsu Nate'
It 's a page of music after that now
This because I'm such mon is the most often and will continue to be described in order from more of the above I
search Will Dream is the book Pluto Come Cheese Mister Children
But this is my favorite now
a song of Hey yeah bird mother want to tap this
You go
me
Once you have a view from the I Oh I Oh music back home we Ne Na's
I think that mon between fm Tommy xan also are doing to pick up the sound from here
If you look at here by , you can support it but it won't collapse while it's popular but you can claim well to get
Much love recent tube music
And it 's a kneader because it's a box with that as a related artist fuck box
Like this
I think that I would have been today and I like my favorite music
Please give me
Enjoy a comfortable music life You have cut the high ranking playlist ranking
When you are god in the dark area
The same shabu example gallery ranking Nante here encounter Cooks delivery time and I Yes x rankings to the top
It will come out
Such there is a best player down in the This would be his Masu If we look
This not quit I swam scattered Chichi' to the better on this
'S word rankings heard Imaoto not a landing'm I'm lined up after the nation genre
Without genre
Please This j-pop Ttezo stroke there in the popular song j Bob
I think that comes out of the ranking This will come for sale in love order
Tap the Yes I am, for example, two-fold and see this Chihiro Onizuka, but I mean Tsu Ticino
If you look at it, you'll start below
I 'll change him to the examination of this you are tube again
I can hear it like this I want to try a bit if I ask the mayor
Make music on that way, but I can not fix it
You
q Cha is that kind of thing I don't know much
The
It's a dark 9th button and if you press this, that one
I will go to the place called " love de" and get on it now
What and how next to the alarm during your favorite songs
If you wait, you can always play back the load and you can move
A player Speaking of Akore rankings play white
Please look at it . It is 5 ranking reproduction support It fell
I 'll come and see you.
Swipe
In why Pu
I related it and to you not drop by playback border and went to see Onizuka's incredible Well
Be able to have Masuko mix base Ponty Come Tsu dis in the artist
This is a mixplace with this music and this music
I think that it is that the app will make it automatically
With this share button
In addition to this Datte be heard now and would say as expected or rather I mentioned properly
It's good, this player play is also good and it's good
Acetic acid lets new artists let me see you better than you see in acetic acid this can be ranking
Isn't it okay?
Next we will explain this Rabudon love splashing a little while ago sake
In Yeah I guitar one to the other horizontal history this now Yes
Yup
Once you say certain
me
I guess that's like that
history I'm going to go to the place where I say it 's big because I'm involved
Of doing all this from history when the Anou massage or Toka place and search Charlottenburg
I think you're out
Take a description fish at the beginning most and Dreams Come True ink to each or all-all of the top in total now
I There is rather a terrible and bite
It is the best one rested when I leave them here in terms of the best or make doing this Hanedo
Ee' painful should the bird Hamou carrying a list that take you a cat Come juice up
Co-op mackerel was evidence
no miscellaneous fish is pulled back and it is here to search for the original poke's buy here and push this and search
I'm Teru
Well then you can do it for example , Southern All Stars Original
I'm ak of it came out this in there at the top left + host Come on tube
I'm much less have an access to the New Year's Day to do so it has to Southern All
now
so
We searched for towel serve by search, but did so
Playlist fascinated gone in then you can also do on this
You are free and you can put it on Oze if you vote now
What kind of playlist can you create? Still using iphone
People who are taking photos or listening to music are still thinking that there are many
Exchange music app 6 there is a tumor Negotiation
There
Such last you have chosen from the theme to this by pressing the Hey house mark in the upper right
In Masun
It is like this
me
Bing Bing pitch
If it is possible to use a month still skinner color in color trial
It wasn't a loss, but I did it roughly , but introduce the music app
It was
It's good if you enter it
It was introduction of more than 10 minutes application in the middle
Yes Goodbye
8 Can you use it too ? Well, let's see you again in color
Join your wishes best regards to ending start
Please burn some people and compete with them
It is a real normal even with this application I want you to try it by all means
8 It is ne glacier we have had here is whether
The same author was made and frozen using the rest
said even ios 7
Received a dream towards the author please take a look since it has the video also made here to say I continue
Up broke
Please try doing it you or I got one thing to look for ap app
a Attaee Eegu' Pai at why